#19030 | 22 Meta descriptions for dotnet framework (#19030)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wpf/graphics-multimedia/shapes-and-basic-drawing-in-wpf-overview.md

---
title: Shapes and basic drawing overview

> description: Enhance your presentations with ready-to-use shapes and several layers of rendering services in Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Enhance your user interface with ready-to-use shapes and several layers of rendering services in Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF).
```
